FC-UAR document
Page x of y

URP-0000000001 - Original Case Request Details
Submitted Date:

This document has been generated by the UCM Request Portal from the original Case Request details. All the data provided by the original creator are shown below.

Step 1- About Yourself
<table style='text-align:left'><tr><th>What is the main country your financial crime concern relates to?</th><td>Hong Kong HASE</td><th>Which Business Area/Legal Enity?</th><td>HASE</td></tr><tr><th>Name:</th><td>YAN XINXIN</td><th>Telephone:</th><td>30000001</td></tr><tr><th>Role:</th><td>SR FINANCIAL SERVICES OFFICER</td><th>Department:</th><td>HASE  PIV - NH (NON-CORE)</td></tr><tr><th>Manager:</th><td>FONG LAI</td><th>Country:</th><td>HONG KONG</td></tr><tr><th>What Global Function do you work in?</th><td>Not Applicable</td><th>What Global Sub-Function do you work in?</th><td>Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><th>Do you work in a Global Service Center?</th><td>N</td><th>Which Global Service Center do you work in?</th><td></td></tr><tr><th>Are you reporting this on someone's behalf?</th><td>N</td><th>Mail Address:</th><td>YAN XINXIN@noexternalmail.hsbc.com</td></tr><tr><th>Does anyone else need to be notified about this?</th><td></td></tr></table>

Area of Concern
<table style='text-align:left'><tr><th>What is the referral concerning?</th><td>Financial Crime Concern</td><th>Financial Crime Type:</th><td>External Fraud</td></tr><tr><th>Clearly describe your Financial Crime Concern:</th><td>Relate Detail: 111-111111-101  HKD 250105 11:38:54 HD125105■■■■■■■■■ FRN2025■■■■■■■■■PAYC0102■■■■■■■■■ HKD 2,320.00 C01 Y CXPSNL ACCEPT E2E ID NOTPROVIDED TRAN ID HC1251055■■■■■■■■■ HKD 0.00 DR 004 BBAN 666-66666-602  HKD 2,320.00 CR 024 024N25010■■■■■■■■■ SVID 1167■■■■■■■■■LOB RBWM SENDER NAME MISS TSANG SIU MING BENE.NAME CHAN TAI MAN CUSTOMER TYPE: PERS CORPORATE TYPE : RISK LEVEL : ADDRESSING OPTION 1 : ADDRESSING SUB-OPTION 1 : ADDRESSING SUB-OPTION 2 : ADDRESSING OPTION 2 : ADDRESSING SUB-OPTION 1 : ADDRESSING SUB-OPTION 2 : REMITTANCE INFO M■■■■■■ T■■■■■■ 2/8 B款 ICT INSTR MSG 250105 11:38:54 ACCP STATUS PRT MSG 250105 11:38:54 ACSC Account MR CHAN TAI MAN 111-111111-101 We are advised by remitting bank that quote 20:HK1250■■■■■■■■■-000■■■■■■■■■ :21:HC125■■■■■■■■■ :79:RE OUR FPS PAYMENT DATED 05JAN25 FOR HKD 2,320.00 FPS REF NO. FRN2025■■■■■■■■■PAYC010216■■■■■■■■■ PLS BE NOTED THAT OUR CM CLAIMED THAT THE ABV PYMT IS SUSPECT A FRAUD PYMT. WE HAVE ADVISED CM TO REPORT TO THE POLICE AND NO MORE FRAUD DETAILS CAN BE PROVIDED. PLEASE URGENTLY ARRANGE TO CANCEL ABOVE PAYMENT AND RETURN PROCEEDS TO US VIA CHATS QUOTING OUR REF HK1250■■■■■■■■■-000■■■■■■■■■ UNDER SWIFT CONFIRMATION TO US. PLS IMMEDIATELY HOLD ENOUGH FUNDS IN BNF'S A/C TILL REC'D THEIR D/A FOR REFUND AND REPORT CASE TO YR SECURITY DEPARTMENT. IN REPLY, PLS QUOTE OUR REF HK1250■■■■■■■■■-000■■■■■■■■■ IN FIELD 21 OF YOUR SWF MSG REGARDS unquote</td><th>Date submitter became aware of the activity:</th><td> </td></tr><tr><th>Is this an urgent referral?</th><td>No</td><th>Is there a date a response is required by?</th><td></td></tr><tr><th colspan='4'>If this referral Is urgent or has a required response date, clearly explain why.</th></tr><tr><th colspan='2'>Activity Period:</th><th>From:</th><td></td></tr><tr><th>To:</th><td colspan='3'></td></tr><tr><th colspan='4'>Fraud Information:</th></tr><tr><th>Fraud Type:</th><td></td><th>Saved Amount:</th><td></td></tr><tr><th>Actual Loss Amount</th><td></td><th>Currency:</th><td></td></tr><tr><th>Description of events in chronological order:</th><td></td><th>Has any action been taken?</th><td>No</td></tr><tr><th>What action has been taken?</th><td colspan='3'></td></tr><tr><th>Is this related to a previous referral?</th><td colspan='3'>No</td></tr></table>

Involved Parties
Individual Information:
|First Name|Last Name|Alias|ID Type|ID Number|Date of Birth|Nationality|Nature of Relationship|Line of Business|HSBC Customer / Account|CIN|Involvement Type|Address Line 1|Address Line 2|Address Line 3|City or Town|Country or State|Zip or Postal Code|Country|Commentary|
|----------|---------|-----|-------|---------|-------------|-----------|----------------------|----------------|------------------------|---|----------------|--------------|--------------|--------------|------------|----------------|------------------|-------|---------- |
|Tai Man|CHAN||||||||Y||Suspect|||||||||

Organisation Information:
No Data

HSBC Employee Involvement:
No Data

External Agency
<table style='text-align:left'><tr><th>Did this request originate from an external agency?</th><td>No</td><th>Name of the Agency:</th><td></td></tr><tr><th>Agency Department:</th><td></td><th>Contact Name:</th><td>Chu XXX XXX</td></tr><tr><th>Email Address:</th><td></td><th>Telephone Number:</th><td></td></tr><tr><th>Address line 1:</th><td></td><th>Address line 2:</th><td></td></tr><tr><th>Address line 3:</th><td></td><th>Town:</th><td></td></tr><tr><th>Country or State:</th><td></td><th>Postal Code:</th><td></td></tr><tr><th>Country:</th><td colspan='3'></td></tr></table>

Additional Deatils:
<table style='text-align:left'><tr><th>Attach other documents pertinent to this referral (Up to 5MB per attachment):</th><td colspan='3'>No Data</td></tr></table>